The size of it. It's like the size of my arm.
Hi everyone, welcome back to my channel.
As you can see, I'm in London right now.
And today, I'm on a mission to debunk the myth that London doesn't have good food.
For the longest time, London has a bad rep when it comes to food.
People just assume that the city is all about fish and chips and overcooked veggies.
But is London really a gourmet desert?
I mean, I don't know. This is my first day here.
So let's go on a journey to sample some of the most iconic British dishes.
And we'll see if the myth is true or are we going to be pleasantly surprised. Let's go.
So we're here at our first stop. It's called Polisi.
It's a family-run business.
So as you can see, it's pretty small.
I'm looking to have some English breakfast here.
And I'm sure it's pretty authentic.
All right, let's go in.
So first stop, we're getting a full English breakfast.
We just got in. There was a long line outside.
The owner is so hospitable.
He offered us free chips or fries, so you call it in the U.S.
But he offered us free chips because he thought we two both looked too skinny.
And he asked everyone to sing Happy Birthday to a girl sitting in the back.
It's Little Sophie's birthday!
Happy New Year, Sophie! Happy Birthday, please!
Happy Birthday to you!
It's a really good atmosphere inside this restaurant.
Take a slow walk. She's telling me off. She's telling me off.
Thank you.
So in front of me, this is a full English breakfast.
We've got a lot of baked beans with some mushroom, a sausage.
They asked me to choose between a toast and fried bread.
And I got the fried bread. There's also a poached egg on top.
And we've also got some ham and two huge pieces of tomato.
I just arrived last night.
Welcome.
You've come to a very good place that we would love to see.
I know, yeah.
I got a recommendation from a friend we used to live in London.
Yeah, yeah. I'm sure she knows her way around.
So first off, I really like the mushroom.
It's a great earthy flavor to kick off the whole meal.
The sausage, it's really crispy on the outside, but juicy on the inside.
It's got a great savory taste.
It goes well with the bacon and the sausage.
It complements each other.
It's kind of like you didn't too much meat and you want some veggies on the side.
I feel like the tomato serves that kind of role.
And I'm going to try the fried toast.
It kind of reminds me of guan cai ban.
This is so good.
It really reminds me of guan cai ban.
It comes with butter too.
So it's got a salty kick.
I honestly don't really like beans.
You can already tell how picky I am.
Sorry.
I guess I'm just not a huge fan of beans.
For me, beans is just something sweet, I think.
When you have Hong Dou Tang, it should be sweet.
So the owner mentioned earlier that his grandfather is actually born upstairs.
The exact same building, the whole family immigrated from Italy in the 1900s.
The whole molding and like all the woods here was installed during that time.
Both of us are not a huge fan of beans.
I guess it just doesn't fit our palate that much.
It's not a type of food that we're used to eating.
But other than that, everything is so good.
I'm very, very impressed.
And also the hospitality here is just, wow, it's overwhelming.
Like everyone's so welcoming.
Not just the owner, like the other customers here.
The food and the people are all just very good, yeah?
So glad I found this place.
So our second stop right here at May Fair Chiffy.
And we're here for the quintessential British dish, the fish and chips.
And I personally don't eat fish, so I don't know what to expect.
I'll try to try some just for the sake of the video.
All right, let's go.
First impression of the restaurant.
Looks like a high-end seafood restaurant, actually.
I love the interior.
They also have a lot of paintings, a lot of style in this space.
So we want a May Fair classic.
What is the difference?
Oh, really?
Yeah, then I'll definitely go with the cod then.
And we would also like a scotch egg.
As for drinks, can we just get water?
Yeah, for sure.
Still is fine.
Still is fine.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
The front of me is the iconic British dish of fish and chips.
This is fried cod.
And as you can see, they're different condiments.
This is the tartare sauce.
I'm not so sure about this one.
I'm going to just try a bit.
That was a very honest reaction.
I don't know.
This is the Chinese word for it.
This is so hard to eat.
This is kind of like green bean paste.
But it's savory.
I'm just not a big fan of it, period.
And this one, I'm also not so sure from the looks of it.
I'm just going to try.
Oh, this is the curry sauce.
The size of it.
It's like the size of my arm.
I don't even remember the last time I had fish.
Because I just generally don't eat fish.
I'm going to dip it in the tartare sauce.
And someone who doesn't eat fish.
I'm very pleasantly surprised.
So the taste and the texture.
The fish is coated in really light and crispy batter.
It's fried until the outside is crispy.
But when you bite, the inside is the cod.
So it's really soft.
Overall, you get this crispiness and the softness in one bite.
So it's a really great balance.
For someone who doesn't eat fish, I would say.
It's kind of like, it's so weird to say.
But it's kind of like chicken.
My fish usually has a...
魚臭味.
I would say it's like a really fishy,
ocean-y kind of taste.
I don't really like it, but for this fish, it's really fresh.
Another way to say it is kind of like a premium version of 麦香魚.
Or 高級版的麦香魚.
It's kind of like the same taste.
I'm trying my best already, okay?
Also the fries, I mean the chips.
I keep on saying fries.
But the chips are a really good complement to the fish.
You want some carbs to your meal.
So overall for me, it's a little bit too much fried food in one meal.
But I guess it's like a guilty pleasure.
And we're sharing the whole thing together, so it's not too bad.
And we also ordered scotch eggs.
The outside is a mixture of rice and salmon.
The outside layer is fried and in the middle,
it's like a soft-boiled egg.
And on the side, there's a...
I think this is curry mayonnaise.
And there's a lot of sesame and I believe chives on top.
Mmm.
I feel like I'm talking to myself.
First impression from someone who doesn't eat fish at all.
I would say it's not fishy.
Which is a compliment.
I like the crispy coat of it.
And also again, it's like crispy and soft in one bite.
Because inside, the egg is really soft.
But on the outside, if you bite on it, you can actually hear the crunch.
Overall, I really like this one too.
And I think it goes so well with the curry sauce.
We just got the bill.
And there's also this...
I don't know what's inside.
This is candies.
I feel like a kid in a candy shop.
So cute.
Thank you so much.
Do you need a seat?
Yeah, sure.
Thank you so much.
Okay, another thing is that...
We don't need the tip here.
So I paid 38 pounds.
No tip.
I'm not used to it.
But I think I'm not used to it.
You don't have to...
Well, you can, but it's not mandatory.
It's not expected to tip here in England.
The last stop, we're here to have some British pie.
The last place we're here at is the jugged hare.
We actually just randomly walked into this place.
And jugged means that it's cooked and seasoned inside a jar, a container.
And hare means a big rabbit.
So apparently there's not a lot of game here.
Game means a rabbit, a deer, a horse.
Like rabbit, deer, horse.
Do I pour this over or do I dip it?
Either way.
Some people pour it to people.
No problem.
Is this gravy?
Is this gravy?
So on the side, there's gravy and also mashed potatoes.
This is the pie.
I didn't expect it to look like this.
But stuffing is completely inside.
Everything is mashed together.
So there's pork.
Oh, there's actually black pudding.
The black pudding is made out of beef or pork blood, I think.
It's kind of like...
But I think it's all mushed together so you can't really tell.
I don't know if I'm eating it right.
You're supposed to like...
Eat them together, I think.
Wow, it's actually so much better than it looks.
I was actually kind of scared of the black pudding.
But honestly, it just tastes like braised pork.
But pulled apart.
And then mushed together with a lot more vegetables.
I actually like it.
I say it does taste a little bit like...
Ma Ling Shu Dun Rou.
Because inside, there's a lot of root vegetables.
And then you get a lot of the pork.
It's all pulled apart.
And then it's kind of like a warm stew that you would have during a cold day.
And the outside, the pie, the crust, it's really crispy.
And it just goes really well with the stew together.
The mashed potato, the texture of it is almost velvety.
This is really good.
And you can also taste the butter inside.
It tastes really good in of itself.
And if you dip it in the gravy, it's even better.
So overall, I am very pleasantly surprised.
So that sums up my London food tour.
Next week, we're heading to the vintage market to talk to more locals in London.
I'll see you in my next video.
Bye!
